Congratulations, everyone, you finished
lesson three of module one and
now we want to get to you
some assigned homeworks so
you can learn more about
the topics we've discussed so far.
So the first thing I want you to do
is read about the REST API's and
then after that write some JSON and
then write some XML.
The next three parts we want
you to do are play with
the GroupKt Countries API
that Gonz was playing with.
And then after that,
read about MQTT and read about AWS IoT.
Again, these readings will be
provided in the resources section.
So just go in there, look for the correct
title, and then click on the link and
just go through the readings.
So after you go through all this homework,
you'll have a better understanding of how
this IoT SDK and
how the communication protocols work.
And you can start creating your
own projects using these services.